In general, in the Kedam, of course you all know, Kedam means learning the philosophy systems of
that what we practice.
In general, in the Buddha teaching, and particularly in the Yuma system, always the studying and
the practice goes by Chobiddi, not separately.
What are you studying? That you practice. What you practice, you study, you learn.
So the studying is not just an intellectual, kind of skeptical idea that left-hand side, and just
only used kind of proof.
Proof, kind of like some kind of professional, or kind of like surviving purpose of these lives.
What we're studying is we practice, we observe that, and we carry that, and then observe that in
our mental state, of the nature of the mind.
And that is what we started, and that's what we practice.
So practice is also not just practicing blindly, and then just what we're saying, and just follow
that.
We learn what we're practicing, and search behind meaning what we're practicing.
And that is what we leave in the Buddha's teaching, and particularly in the Yuma system, the
studying and the practice goes by Chobiddi.
So therefore, here is what we're studying. What we're studying, we're studying to use to practice.
And practice is what, of course, we all know what means practice.
Practice means bring the inner result, any result.
Result, what is result? Result is joy, happiness, and happiness and joy to the others.
It's not joy and happiness is restricted, and joy and happiness that we expanded and share that to
everyone.
So everyone will catch that in might call it.
In a way, we become as clear luminosity light, lame.
The lame will illuminate ourselves like that will illuminate it, and that will help to illuminate
others,
because others have the same potential, same nature will illuminate.
That is the purpose in the teaching of the Buddha.
Buddha, so that we all have the equal realization, because basically, every living means the same,
equal.
There is no really difference at all. Everyone has the same nature.
Therefore, everyone is looking for the joy and happiness.
Everyone wants to remove the suffering and sadness. They don't like that.
Because we share the same feeling, because we have the same nature, same thing, same nature,
everyone.
Therefore, this practice means practice makes ourselves a joy, happiness, and they share that to
others,
and bring that their realization to all.
And that, again, happiness and joy is not just temporary things.
And as we know, that in the teaching said, we all inherit Buddha-natural.
Buddha-natural, tatagatagarva, or any call it of the natural. Natural, and that is, that nature is
free from the old duality,
free from the negativities such as obscurations, ego-cleans, self-importance, and greed.
It's completely freed, because those are not natural.
Natural is freed. When you are freed of all those negativities, the Buddha-natural self is joy.
Whatever we name is joy, is happy, is peaceful, is totally openness, totally believed wisdom, great
compassion,
loving kindness, that is the nature that we all inherit.
And for that purpose, every Buddha-teaching is designed for that, to go, to river that natures.
When we started in the Buddha's teaching, teaching as like first schools of the world, or not so,
so the first schools of the Buddhism, such as Vaisikha, Suttantaka, and mind-only school, and Madem
aka,
every teaching, whatever the Buddha uses techniques, accord and readiness of the individual is,
but goal is to free of those negativities and dualities, and reveal the inner quality, accord and
their readiness.
And such as like then in the, such as Vaisikha school, or pass like Hinayana, always we say, Saty
asharvakaya,
and they free from the ego-cleans. Once you remove the ego-cleaning, you reach that arahata-fook, a
rahata.
And that is what their goal, and that, when you free from the ego, what is brains?
When it brings peace, the nirvana, free from suffering.
Nirvana means free from suffering, isn't it difficult? It's ended all sufferings.
The ego-cleaning, ego, ego, or this is self-important, that is the double matter.
And when you free that, then the nirvana, peace, tortures, tangle it, it comes.
That is what the practice is. And there is also practice, way to practice.
And of course in the teaching always mentioned, mentioned how to pursue those practices.
There is a conduct, there is a will, there is application, and then follow that, and you receive it
.
You reach the goal of the arahata-fook, arahata.
And then beside that, the kyavaka, and the satya, as pati-buddhas.
Again, pati-buddha practices. Pati-buddha practices.
They practice, again, similar things, but we focus with twelve inter-pedo-korgianic systems.
Reversing that inter-pedo-korgianic system, because twelve lengths of inter-pedo-korgianic is the
source of all the troubles.
When you reverse that, and then it stops, one after another, another, that is how it begins.
It comes, continuation, when you reverse that, it stops, stops.
And through that technique, they get the realization of the egolessness,
and as well as the realization of the great emptiness of the external phenomena existing.
Sometimes the teaching says one and a half realization of the great natures, not completely.
In a way, like three-quarters of the realization, they achieve, of the true natural, of the as-true
natural, or the great emptiness.
Then we move to the mind-only school. We move to the mind-only school, and as well as mind-only
school is the Mahayana schools.
Again, it's best, absolutely, on the great computer, allowing kindness, kindness, and bringing
everything as a mental display of the mind.
Everything, what we perceive, home, song, space, or another way, all the tangible things,
everything is really a display of our own mind, originally started.
Once we got that realization here clearly, this is illusion display.
It's just, on one way, it's just tricking us, in a way, tricking mind itself by the creator, by
mind itself.
When you discover that natural, exactly as it is, is, and then there is the enlightenment status.
And see, the mind is the only, only the source of everything.
The mind itself is free from the trivialities, subject and object, the inner quality realization.
That is the mind-only school and the relatively enlightenment qualities.
And then we move to the Mahayana schools, such as all the Mademaka schools, Mademaka, which is,
again, the second Mahayana schools.
And their realization is totally, again, free from all the emptiness, free from all the complexity
status.
Everything is free. Everything, subject and object, everything, extremely, every kind of negation,
every positive, whatever we call and grasp, cleanly, is free totally.
And then, even the mind itself is totally free from anything existing and relaxing that natural
state and then discovered in the realization of the true nature.
And then we move to the like, such as like, like Kriya Tantra, outer Tantras, three outer Tantras.
And again, then Kriya Tantra, inner three outer Tantra or inner Tantra, all is known as then the V
aidhyana teachings.
This is all Vaidhyana teachings.
And from this Vaidhyana teaching, what we learned, and instantly we see is all display of the
nature of the mind.
Everything is a display of the nature of the mind.
Mind is already in like the state.
Therefore, it is a display, emanation, is totally enlightened status.
There's nothing is really obscured that.
And with that kind of as a foundation, but then it applies practices as a, as a Buddhas, such as a
three Buddhas or whatever the Buddha practices.
And we get those Buddhas right in front of us as our great teacher, as a Buddha.
And we want some as the obstacle beings for the time being until we get that realization.
As like, like, as like a principal, DTO, as always in the teaching, said as a great teacher, we
would like the DTS in front of us.
And then ourself as the, as the beginning practitioners, as like kind of that with great honor and
respect, respect we practice.
And then we did, with their blessings, with the blessings of the Buddhas in light beings, then
eventually then we reach that similar realization of that Buddha what we practice.
Practice. Those are basically outer Tantras, ideas, ideas. And then we move to the inner Tantras.
In that mantra, Mahayoga, Anoyoga, we move. Mahayoga and Anoyoga teachings are inner Tantra
teachings.
And which is, again, a similar idea. Everything is display of the true nature of the mind.
Everything is enlightened status. Pong, song, space, mind, all are enlightened status.
There's nothing is not enlightened status. There's nothing really need anything to change in its
styles.
Except we have to rest on it, reconnect it as natural as it is. With that is what we need to do.
That's what the teaching says. We continually meditate and practice that. And this meditation has
then two things.
Generally, those are known as then, visualization practice of the creative status, and complete
study practice of the dissolved study practice.
Those are two things in one. In one, two kind of study practices that apply.
With that practice, we reach the realization of the true nature. Nature, or as it is, total
enlightened status, that we achieved.
These practices, generally now, these practices, the visualization of the practical practices, what
is this?
This is, then, we need this follow with sadness and stuckness, particularly ceremony things.
And again, dissolved study practices of the complete study practices is like, this is zukki
practices.
Zukki practices, there's nothing more particular need, ceremony, ritual things, too much.
Even though there is something of the ritual ceremonies, but not too much involved.
Once you got the realization, or once you got to introduce the nature of the mind, or once you
received enlightened that teaching of the zukki, then you practice.
You practice it, practicing of this tutu, practice it with poor abiding techniques.
Those are known as then, the mountain-like abiding, ocean-like abiding, and then display, or the
perception as, like, abiding as perceptive as it is.
And then abiding, everything is within the center state of the raka, raka state.
So, poor abiding techniques, discovering any nature as it is, without disregarding or accepting
anything, be as in that nature status.
Those are the tutu practices. All the toga practices within four different regions, techniques, as
you introduced, and you got the realization, one after another that.
There's nothing too much involved of the ritual ceremonies.
And now, these zukki practices, the teachings that we received so many times, again, throughout the
teaching, we always, you receive, or we give the teachings on the zukki, one after another.
We give the teachings on the will, we give the teachings on the meditation, we give the teachings
on the conduct, and resolve things.